Added 12 new Q&A pairs to the Support knowledgebase section (#1081)
wandb/docs: content/support/how_can_i_resolve_the_attributeerror_module_wandb_has_no_attribute_login.md

---

> title: "How can I resolve the `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'login'`?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How can I fix the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'login'`?"
```

toc_hide: true
type: docs
tags:
  - crashing and hanging runs
---

> This error might appear when trying to import `wandb` from a Python environment that does not have `wandb` installed, but there is a directory named `wandb` where the code is being executed. We recommend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'login'` when importing `wandb` in Python, 
 error might appear when trying to import `wandb` from a Python environment, `wandb` is not installed or the installation is corrupted,  but a `wandb` directory exists in the current working directory.  To fix this error, uninstall `wandb`, delete the directory, then install `wandb`:
```

```bash

> pip uninstall wandb && pip install wandb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip uninstall wandb; rm -rI wandb; pip install wandb
```

---

> title: "How can I fix the error `AttributeError: module 'wandb' has no attribute 'login'`?"

Reviewer: I made another attempt to consolidate this entry with the previous one. WDYT?
